**Submodules for Projects**  
*12:40pm*  

## Fixing the Self-Stalling Issue

Instead of working on the parser for the generic projects first, I decided to unstall myself from adding my projects to this list.

At the start of this project, it isn't even published, so the parsing can definitely wait.

I confirmed that I can add projects as `git submodules` and they can even be private--they will need to reference the `git@` address instead of the `https:` clone address.

Selecting the GitHub link to the private repo doesn't look any different, but will bring up a broken link or a login link.

This is the first project added as a submodule.

## Forking or Just Manually Copying

GitHub won't let me fork my own repo, but maybe I don't need to?

The idea was that I'd make a generic/base project that could keep track of the format of a single project and then the other projects could fork or base themselves off of the base.  Then, when I change how the base works, I can propgate that to the other project more easily.

I think, instead, I'll incorporate an updater into the `projects` project and it can update any formatting or logistics as an update script.

I haven't confirmed it yet, but if I can make it so the page builder of the site could auto-detect when I update a specific project, it will update it and then update the whole site.

## Combining this Project with Projects

I've decided that this is the best place to log changes and decisions for the actual `Projects` repo as well.

This MIGHT be a little confusing, but as time goes on, I can modify things a bit to make it more intuitive.

## End Notes

I made it so the entries could be spamy, but I decided that I can consolidate all this this entry's topics into one because it is commited at the same time.  Multiple entries at the same time doesn't make sense to me--at least at thie moment.